hi I'm a prison bus ride driver and you
are watching Press Pass TV hey I'm
Morgan Page
welcome to Press Pass TV American
automaker Cadillac is trying to shed its
image as the kind of car your
grandparents might buy by attracting
younger hipper buyers we got a chance to
see some of their newest and hottest
cars at the 2008 New York International
Auto Show check them out and see why
these are not your grandparents
Cadillacs good afternoon
Jim Taylor we're here at the New York
Auto Show and the Cadillac general
manager and like to take you through a
few of the new Cadillac products that
we've introduced in the market recently
and some that we may be introducing
pretty soon about starting with our CTS
right here this model we brought out
last September is currently available
and fortunately for us has been wildly
successful essentially sold out and very
little supply at our dealers and being
accepted by the motoring press is really
an equivalent product to the market
leaders today the BMW 3s and buys
Mercedes sees an DS as a very very
competitive sort of mid luxury sedan
lots of technical specs but the main
thing is really a styling is very very
unique to us and sort of combination of
pretty distinct edging but also very
soft and flowing side forms very
athletic stance serious horsepower
6-speed transmission so a real driver's
car I love European driving testes but
they've distinctively styled to look
like a Cadillac and fall in our family
resemblance with the Escalade and the
rest of the Cadillacs we've been selling
inside though got some nice you know
high-end interior wood and stitching and
leather treatments and everything that
will make it feel like you're in pretty
elegant surroundings like you should and
I in a car that's expensive but also
have a new innovate
radio system that has got a hard drive
inside a 40 gig hard drive so you can
actually store music in your hard drive
by bringing a zip drive by ripping a CD
downloading songs you know as you would
with your normal iPod iTunes kind of an
approach and over here
if you look at kind of the big brother
of the CTS it's the CTSV it's a her
performance vehicle that is meant for
the really serious driver that is going
to take this either with themselves on
their normal roads but also very track
ready and race ready if they're going to
compete for the real real fiction ad or
fanatic that that's intimate e absolute
ultimate and Jessie performance and
powertrain
550 horsepower 550 torque 6-speed
automatic or manual to really deliver
everything that a super high performance
enthusiast is going to expect and want
in a car for and 6-piston membra brakes
on both wheels that's what you can see
there with those nice calipers on the
side with a little v logo on them and as
you can see in the front here the same
characteristic Cadillac styling that
we've got on our regular CTS but the use
of a much more aggressive grille
material a bigger mouth bigger air here
to feed the air the engine to allow it
to achieve the kind of horsepower
ratings that we're talking about it's
gonna be in a 0 to 60 and a four point
something kind of a range under five
seconds for 0 to 60 and be the fastest
top speed Cadillac as well because we
export these to Germany and it needs to
be Audubon capable and ready as well we
have an optional Recaro seat package so
if you're doing aggressive driving you
get big bolsters that hang on to you so
that you're you're maintaining yourself
very firmly in the seat wire racing and
so this has a Recaro seat package as an
option suede seating surfaces so you
don't slide as opposed to leather and
that kind of thing
suede steering wheel so
again for a grip and lacus lack of
sliding and that sort of thing so some
small elegant luxury but race treatments
that really cater to this kind of
customer so four-door that you can still
take everybody to you know work the
church or take your kids in the back put
the car seat in I mean it's got all the
practicality of a I said just a plain
old four-door a trunk to take your golf
clubs but then you know when you want to
take it to the track on Saturday and
strap it on for a full out race you know
you've got the same car completing the
CTS family base seats yes the CTSV for
high-performance and then we introduced
this concept car in Detroit and Chicago
is our coupe and that obviously is a
two-door but takes the styling and the
drama that we have in a CTS and
magnifies that by putting it on a coupe
chassis stretching the wheels out to
really produce some phenomenal drama
here and then having this as you can see
very very aggressive rear-end with the
kind of shapes we have there and the
tail lamps really the purpose of this is
to show people how this design language
can be wrapped around a two-door concept
and really taken to another level and it
emphasize the Cadillac styling approach
you can see here we've got the
aggressive use of color and stitching
and a lot of interior treatments with
the leather sewn instrument panel and
the leather yellow suede inserts as you
can see here produces again some of the
drama that somebody that's into this
kind of a vehicle is very interested in
and just you know kind of separating
themselves from the other vehicles that
are on the market that are you know
playing in in several regards so you
know if you're driving this car you're
feeling pretty high-end and looking
pretty hot on the other hand it's still
got four seats it's still practical
still got a trunk so you haven't you
know given up some of the necessities of
life with a four-door sedan but it still
looks much much cooler hopefully a year
from now we'll be at the show and I'll
be telling you how soon you can get that
hope you enjoyed that story and if you
want to check out more behind the scenes
action log on to Press Pass TV or
youtube.com slash press pass and don't
forget to check out our live or podcast
radio shows and press pass raid
calm thanks again I'm working page by